CONTENT

- 1st P says "their technology" twice
- get things done vs. get stuff done
- 21 years (and update other stats)

FUNCTION

- make contact tel and email clickable at bottom


---

I help people improve their relationship with technology. I work closely with people across all types of businesses and industries to understand and relieve their “pain points” so that they can become more productive and confident using their technology.

+++

I improve people's relationship with their technology.

I work closely with people to improve their relationship with technology. By understanding and relieving their "pain points", they become more productive, confident, and self-sufficient.

I improve people's relationship with their technology. By understanding and relieving one's "pain points", I enable my clients to be more productive and more confident in their daily life.

---

Through my holistic approach, I will help you balance your present and short-term needs while also considering the big picture and all connected technology.

My aim is to understand your whole system in the context that you work in. Whether it’s at your home, office, or on the go, I’ll meet you wherever you need to get things done.

+++

Not only will we work together to conquer your immediate concerns, we will also 


After conquering your immediate concerns, we will together create ways to optimize your digital lifestyle.

After a close-up on your immediate concerns, we will zoom out and focus to optimize your entire digital lifestyle.


Through my holistic approach, I will help you {} that fits the context you work in. And I will meet you wherever you need to get things done; be it at home, in the office, or on the go!


Through my holistic approach, we will find a harmony that suits your 

Through my holistic approach, I will bring simplicity to the

Through my holistic approach, we will first pinpoint and conquer your immediate needs, then zoom out and focus to optimize your entire digital lifestyle.

First, we will pinpoint your immediate needs and conquer them. Then, we will zoom out and focus on your entire digital lifestyle. Through my holistic approach, I will understand and optimize your whole system; at home, in the office, and on the go.



